# VBA-Challenge
Module 2 Challenge
I started looking into VBA scripting and the Challenge before we started the class. At first I played around with Macro recording by seeing how it is stored as VBA script when it's recorded with Excel functions, I found it both fun and helpful.
While I understand the logic and I can explain what needs to be done due to using the language at college years ago and learning Pseudocode, as well as helping myself by simplifying and understanding the challenge completely then rewriting what I need to do in a more user-friendly way. However, it was a big challange to write the actual VBA Script. Athough I understand the structure and can write small scripts on their own along with how loops and conditional formating work, I find putting the whole script together rather difficult for reasons that allude me at this time. I used my class notes and did a lot of research on VBA by watching videos on how similar codes are written and on VBA functions on google, gitHub, Stackflow along with the 'Ask AI' on the portal to help me move forward. There were parts that I found straightforward such as the first conditional loop but I can't even count how many times I had to redo the code to reach the results. I got stuck in two sections the first was where I placed my "tickercount = tickercount+1" line and the last section of the challenge , the question about the greatest %, despite understanding what I need to do and successfully puting all the cell headers in place I could not get a value output and I asked a friend for help (not another student in the course).
  

